All right, so all is working well.
And the other thing we can do.
Let me put this in a different line here.
And so obviously, we can add more parameters into our function here, but usually want to minimize
the number of parameters because you don't want to end up with a function that has 200 parameters.
That's exaggerating, of course, but it could very well happen.
So we need to minimize the number of parameters with that.
But in this case, I'm just going to pass at least another one here.
Let's call this a message, and it's going to be strength as expected.
And you can see at the top now we have a problem and it's expecting a message to be added there.
So that means right there going.
That's a message.
Right here, A.J. is multiple of a section that make this a little bit smaller.
Like that, put this property in the line, so we can't see everything better, and he can see that
we have a message in our parameter in the calculate function here.
It's great out to say that hasn't been used.
In fact, if you have over is going to say remove parameter message because it's never used, but we're
going to use that.
So we're going to just remove all of that and pass it that message parameter, etc. OK, just go ahead
and give it a run.
Again, we can run from here, but let's just go ahead and run from here.
So nothing really has changed much, but we know that we've restructured our function here.
OK, now we're passing this message string and we passed something into it, a message so you can see
the flexibility we get with functions, passing parameters because we can change any of these arguments
that we're passing here to whatever we want.
And of course, the function itself will be fed all of these parameters.
And we can use those parameters inside of the function to do whatever we want to get a certain result.
And that is indeed the the whole existence of a function, which is to take the values and do some work
and retain or show a result.
Now, another concept we want to get at in this video is the concept of a default argument.
What does that mean?
Well, it means that we can actually add default values to some of these parameters here to say that
when we call, we can skip those arguments.
We can't.
We can actually skip meaning we don't have to add anything.
If nothing is found for that parameter or argument, then the default value be used.
For example, here for first, there I can just say is equal in past, let's say, 11.
OK, that's fine.
And for a second, I can also say is equal to 1000.
What do we have there?
OK.
So I'm going to run this.
Obviously, everything should run as before.
But then I'm going to change a few things, so everything is great.
Life is great.
We're all happy and that's wonderful.
So now I'm just going to go ahead and comment this one out now so we can invoke a new function the same.
But the new expression here, when they calculate and you can see I go like this enter.
And now you can see at the top here that it says first it is 11.
The reason why is because they're saying, well, the first argument has a default value of 11 second
default value of 100.
So in this case here, if I just go straight and pass, let's see a message, say.
Is multiple of and then go to of and then add multiple of which is 11 like that.
You notice that we have a problem because since we said that once we have the default values, we can
skip those those arguments.
We don't have to call it because the compiler will know if there's nothing for first or second is going
to go ahead and add our or our default values right.
But we have a problem here, and you can see right away the problem is very apparent because if you
see here, it says first is multiple of and second is 11.
So what's happening here is we must add to something else in order for this to work whenever we are
passing default values, which is named argument.
So what happens if we don't add in name argument to say actually first or in this case, this is multiple
of it's going to be a message, as you will see in a second here, the compiler will assume that whatever
you passing is going to follow the order in which we've added this parameter.
As you can see, it's thinking that this is our first parameter we're passing, which is not true.
So how to fix that?
The fix that we actually use named parameters, which means in this case, one saved message like that
and while it works and for 11 here we know it's going to be multiple of.
And you can see it now works.
If I run this right from here, it's fine.
We'll see the same results, but we know that something has changed, which means we didn't have to
pass in the first or the second arguments because they have indeed their default values.
If I change this to one, for instance, and run, it will take one and one thousand for the second
arguments.
Let's see what the results are going to be.
And while.
OK, so now you see, it's working now.
It doesn't mean that once I have default values, you know, arguments here, actual parameters.
Doesn't mean that we can't override those values because the idea, of course, is to give a chance
or is to make our functions customizable.
Right.
So we can override them, meaning that we can actually pass the values.
But remember, in order for this to work, you have to add the named parameters.
So I have to say first such and give it a value of eleven and then with the second.
And give it a value of one thousand, just using the same numbers, so we don't get confused, but you
can add any number you want.
Right?
So now you actually just to show you, let's say this is 20 and this is 100 like that, so to to show
you that indeed it's going to override the default values.
That's right.
You can see and I went ahead and overrode the default values.
In fact, I can't even make it further by saying 12, so you can see the difference.
Reality reality?
That's right.
OK.
You see, 12 guitar is the value we passed for multiple of.
And you can see, beyond just the apparent advantages of having default values to our arguments.
Also, we get to be forced to add the actual arguments, the names of these arguments.
And you can see it's really nice.
It looks better, especially once you start adding more and more arguments or parameters in this case
for the function call.
There, you can see that it's much easier for you or any other programmer that may be using your function
to know exactly what's expected to pass.
Because now I know for the first name argument, it's going to be whatever I want to add for the second
and so forth.
Now, obviously, you see at this point because we have second and everything is laid out, I can remove
these named arguments, right?
And everything will work just fine.
In some cases, but it's always a good idea, as you can see.
Also, the I.D. gives us this visual representation of each one of these arguments, saying this is
the first, second message, but it's always nice to actually type them out so that you have that eight
visual aid.